Circulation power for your entire room: Dreo's WingBoost system combines deep-pitched blades and aerodynamic design to propel air as far as 70 ft, helping your desk fan to circulate air throughout your whole room and cooling large areas faster than traditional desk fans.
Adjustable tilt, ideal for use in multiple rooms: Manually change the angle within a 120° range to direct your cooling fan air wherever you are. This circulator fan is the perfect companion for your kitchen, bedroom or living room on those hot summer days.
More than just an air circulator: With 3 built-in speeds by knob control, you can find the right setting; whether you are across the living room or want to place your fan in front of your desk, you can always get the comfort you need.
Feel the wind without the noise: If you are looking for a desk fan to enjoy cool but quiet sleep, this is a fantastic choice, by integrating NACA technology and bionic design, this bedroom fan moves air more efficiently and reduces noise down to 28dB, perfect for a comfortable sleep without loud fan noises.
Super easy to clean, always ready to go: You can use this table fan straight out of the box, hang it on the wall for uninterrupted air circulation, or use it in multiple rooms with its extra convenient base and handle design. Parts can also be easily removed for cleaning to keep your air always fresh.
Save energy every season: Pair it with multiple appliances to increase efficiency and reduce your energy bills. Air circulators increase the effect of air conditioners, space heaters, humidifiers, and purifiers by moving the air faster around the room. (Fan Diameter: 9" Head, 7" Blade). (Product Dimensions: 9.45"D x 11.26"W x 11.81"H)

39.99$


Brand	Dreo
Color	Black
Power Source	Ac
Style	Classic
Product Dimensions	9.45"D x 11.26"W x 11.81"H
Room Type	Kitchen, Bedroom, Living Room, Indoor, Dining Room
Special Feature	Adjustable Tilt
Recommended Uses For Product	Cooling, Ventilating, Air Circulation, Drying
Mounting Type	Tabletop & Wall Mount
Controller Type	Knob Control